README.md, before:

# PokemonGo Map![Python 2.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-2.7-blue.svg)


Live visualization of all the pokemon (with option to show gyms and pokestops) in your area. This is a proof of concept that we can load all the pokemon visible nearby given a location. Currently runs on a Flask server displaying Google Maps with markers on it.

Features: 

* Shows Pokemon, Pokestops, and gyms with a clean GUI.
* Notifications 
* Lure information
* Multithreaded mode
* Filters
* Independent worker threads (many can be used simulatenously to quickly generate a livemap of a huge geographical area)
* Localization (en, fr, pt_br, de, ru, zh_cn, zh_hk)
* DB storage (sqlite or mysql) of all found pokemon
* Incredibly fast, efficient searching algorithm (compared to everything else available)

[![Deploy](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sych74/PokemonGo-Map-in-Cloud/master/images/deploy-to-jelastic.png)](https://jelastic.com/install-application/?manifest=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sych74/PokemonGo-Map-in-Cloud/master/manifest.jps) [![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://github.com/AHAAAAAAA/PokemonGo-Map/wiki/Heroku-Deployment) [![Deploy on Scalingo](https://cdn.scalingo.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://my.scalingo.com/deploy?source=https://github.com/AHAAAAAAA/PokemonGo-Map)


#[Twitter] (https://twitter.com/PokemapDev), [Website] (https://jz6.github.io/PoGoMap/)#

![Map](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AHAAAAAAA/PokemonGo-Map/master/static/cover.png)


## How to setup

For instructions on how to setup and run the tool, please refer to the project [wiki](https://github.com/AHAAAAAAA/PokemonGo-Map/wiki), or the [video guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJKAulPCkRI).


## Android Version

There is an [Android port](https://github.com/omkarmoghe/Pokemap) in the works. All Android related prs and issues please refer to this [repo](https://github.com/omkarmoghe/Pokemap).

## iOS Version

There is an [iOS port](https://github.com/istornz/iPokeGo) in the works. All iOS related prs and issues please refer to this [repo](https://github.com/istornz/iPokeGo).

## Warnings

Using this software is against the ToS of the game. You can get banned, use this tool at your own risk.


## Contributions

Please submit all pull requests to [develop](https://github.com/AHAAAAAAA/PokemonGo-Map/tree/develop) branch.

Building off [tejado's python pgoapi](https://github.com/tejado/pgoapi), [Mila432](https://github.com/Mila432/Pokemon_Go_API)'s API, [leegao's additions](https://github.com/leegao/pokemongo-api-demo/tree/simulation) and [Flask-GoogleMaps](https://github.com/rochacbruno/Flask-GoogleMaps). Current version relies primarily on the pgoapi and Google Maps JS API.

Commit message:

Windows install requirements and procedures

README.md, after:

# PokemonGo Map![Python 2.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-2.7-blue.svg)


Live visualization of all the pokemon (with option to show gyms and pokestops) in your area. This is a proof of concept that we can load all the pokemon visible nearby given a location. Currently runs on a Flask server displaying Google Maps with markers on it.

Features: 

* Shows Pokemon, Pokestops, and gyms with a clean GUI.
* Notifications 
* Lure information
* Multithreaded mode
* Filters
* Independent worker threads (many can be used simulatenously to quickly generate a livemap of a huge geographical area)
* Localization (en, fr, pt_br, de, ru, zh_cn, zh_hk)
* DB storage (sqlite or mysql) of all found pokemon
* Incredibly fast, efficient searching algorithm (compared to everything else available)

[![Deploy](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sych74/PokemonGo-Map-in-Cloud/master/images/deploy-to-jelastic.png)](https://jelastic.com/install-application/?manifest=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sych74/PokemonGo-Map-in-Cloud/master/manifest.jps) [![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://github.com/scottstamp/PokemonGo-Map/wiki/Heroku-Deployment) [![Deploy on Scalingo](https://cdn.scalingo.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://my.scalingo.com/deploy?source=https://github.com/scottstamp/PokemonGo-Map)


#[Twitter] (https://twitter.com/PokemapDev), [Website] (https://jz6.github.io/PoGoMap/)#

![Map](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scottstamp/PokemonGo-Map/master/static/cover.png)


## How to setup

For instructions on how to setup and run the tool, please refer to the project [wiki](https://github.com/scottstamp/PokemonGo-Map/wiki), or the [video guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJKAulPCkRI).


## Windows install
At a minimum, download and install the following:
git (https://git-scm.com/)
VC for Python 2.7 (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=44266)
node.js (https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

After those are installed, open a commend prompt from the PoGoMap directory and do:
npm install

Also, need to fix search.py to point to encrypt.dll (but even that still doesn't work...)

## Android Version

There is an [Android port](https://github.com/omkarmoghe/Pokemap) in the works. All Android related prs and issues please refer to this [repo](https://github.com/omkarmoghe/Pokemap).

## iOS Version

There is an [iOS port](https://github.com/istornz/iPokeGo) in the works. All iOS related prs and issues please refer to this [repo](https://github.com/istornz/iPokeGo).

## Warnings

Using this software is against the ToS of the game. You can get banned, use this tool at your own risk.


## Contributions

Please submit all pull requests to [develop](https://github.com/scottstamp/PokemonGo-Map/tree/develop) branch.

Building off [tejado's python pgoapi](https://github.com/tejado/pgoapi), [Mila432](https://github.com/Mila432/Pokemon_Go_API)'s API, [leegao's additions](https://github.com/leegao/pokemongo-api-demo/tree/simulation) and [Flask-GoogleMaps](https://github.com/rochacbruno/Flask-GoogleMaps). Current version relies primarily on the pgoapi and Google Maps JS API.
